# CS411-Team-Project
This is the running repository for group A4-2 in CS411 A1. The high level requirements are as following:
  1. It must utilize a database. A simple way to meet this requirement is to require a user to store profile information in the database. You’ll also be using it as a cache. 
  2. It must correlate at least two publicly available data sets via API from the Internet. Examples might be weather/climate data from NOAA, crime statistics from the FBI, and so on. A great place to get started is https://apigee.com/providers?apig_cc=1, which is a repository of datasets and APIs, and https://www.programmableweb.com (my favorite). Another good place to search for data is http://data.gov. The City of Boston also has data available at data.cityofboston.gov. Your application must correlate these data sets in some way; for example, pull a user’s playlist from Spotify and correlate it with a feed that has concert dates to alert the user of bands that they like that are playing nearby. Use of the Google Maps or Geolocation service does not count toward your two APIs (it's a few simple lines of code, usually).
  3. It must use third-party authentication, for example logging in with Twitter or Facebook using OAuth.
  4.  It must have a decoupled architecture, similar to what we looked at in class during the ‘dogfooding’ lecture. The implication is that you’ll need a front end and a back end, and the two will communicate via a RESTful interface. It’s too early to discuss technologies, but this does mean that there will be JavaScript in the front end. Since the back end is responding to requests and just returning data, it doesn’t necessarily need to be in JavaScript…Python, Java, PHP, and so on would work.
